README

    naked-singularity

DESCRIPTION

    A repository of definition for building Singularity* containers 
    around the software applications, frameworks, and libraries you need
    to run on high-performance computing systems.

    * https://sylabs.io/guides/latest/user-guide/

USAGE

     1. Install Singularity on your local desktop, laptop, or virtual 
        machine. 

            ./naked-singularity.sh install

        Note, however, this install command and the uninstall command 
        below are currently only vaild for Singularity v2.6.1 or less.
        An update for the Singularity v3.X.X series is in progress.

     2. Build a simple Ubuntu Singularity container. 

            ./naked-singularity.sh build -s comet -a ubuntu -d ubuntu.def 

        This build command is currently only valid for the older 
        versions of the repository's definition files. All new 
        definition files hosted as git submodules should be built 
        directly using Singularity.

            sudo singularity build ubuntu.sif ubuntu/Singularity

        A number of the containers are also now hosted at Singularity Hub.

            singularity pull shub://mkandes/ubuntu

     3. Uninstall Singularity from your local desktop, laptop, or 
        virtual machine.

            ./naked-singularity.sh uninstall

STATUS

    A work in progress.

    IMPORTANT: The repository is currently undergoing a restructuring. 
               All new definition files will be hosted as git submodules 
               of the main repository here.

CONTRIBUTE

    If you would like to contribute one of your own Singularity 
    definition files for a target application and system, please 
    submit a pull request.

AUTHOR

    Marty Kandes, Ph.D.
    Computational & Data Science Research Specialist
    High-Performance Computing User Services Group
    San Diego Supercomputer Center
    University of California, San Diego

VERSION

    1.0.0

LAST UPDATED

    Thursday, June 4th, 2020
